[SAKURA] Previously on
Zombie Land Saga Revenge .
A few months have passed since
our epic fail at EFS and
we're still not quite over it.
But it seems like
a lot of good things
are on the horizon
for Franchouchou!
Our Saga Arena concert
filled our spirits,
and Lily landed a spot on
a national TV talent show!
It's no surprise she
made it to the finals,
but she was up against
a child acting prodigy
who sang the same song
Lily had planned,
which is like, the worst thing
that could ever happen!
But Lily was such a genius
that she improvised a scat
arrangement at the last minute!
It was so amazing
that everyone was going
"skeebity bop bop beep boot do!"
[LILY singing]
What's with the thousand-yard
stare? A new story?
In a few years, you'll have
the same look in your eyes.
Everyone has been
talking about her online.
That girl looks exactly
like Lily Hoshikawa.
They're also picking up on
Number Three and
Four's likenesses.
[OKOBA] After that
radio show and Iron Frill
calling them rivals,
they're trending like crazy.
Yeah, but most of
the posts are jokes
about the group being a
collection of doppelgängers.
The more famous you get,
the more trolls
start to come out.
You were the first one who
made the connection between
Number Four and Junko Konno.
You should've started
an exposé that second.
I write the facts,
not a gossip column.
[INUBASHIRI] The only theory
I've heard that tracks
is that their producer is
intentionally
collecting lookalikes.
Wouldn't be surprised if
the rest of them
were lookalikes, too.
Hey, maybe he raised
them from the dead
like a bunch of zombies!
Take that trash talk
to Mu, the occult mag.
[INUBASHIRI] Yes sir,
on my way right now!
Just kiddin'.
It's my lunch break.
As for "the rest of them." Hmm.
[ALL]
Hm?
Goood morning!
--Hello, good morning.
--Morning, Mr. Kotaro.
Good morning, sir.
How are my rotten rockettes?
Gold stars all around
for performing
the most basic functions
of your jobs lately!
Sure, I guess so.
But I've been thinking about it.
We need to aim even higher.
Aw, yeah! That's more like it!
And people outside of Saga are
starting to talk about us more.
We've gotta strike while the
iron is hot and get our revenge!
I like your attitude, Saki!
[SAKURA] Yeah, we should!
Let's try new stuff!
All right, let's get down to
business and talk strategy!
Oh, but wait, we can't do that!
You undead dumbasses
have gotten us
almost 20 million yen in debt!
Do you think I just
have wads of cash
comin' outta my butt?
We've only gotten
the gigs that we have
because they were free.
This isn't some
Very Special Episode
where we learn that
money isn't everything--
this is real life!
There's not gonna be any revenge
or anything else without
the ducats, you ding-dongs!
But you're the reason
that we're in debt, you idiot!
And quit acting like a child!
Here's the takeaway.
Get off your tails and go
earn some of that bread!
I hope you've been
paying close attention, Tae!
[SAKURA]
This is actually her day off,
so she's allowed to take a nap!
I'm sorry, is she
getting paid to sleep?
Come on, ladies!
Put in a little
more effort. Please?
I didn't raise the walking debt!
Sakura. I sincerely hope
you never think that
you're a ding-dong.
I won't?
[LILY]
Have a good day!
--[SAKURA] See ya, Lily!
--[AI] Bye! See you later!
[YUGIRI]
Mm-hm. Done.
All right, here's today's list.
Are you sure you
can handle this?
[TAE grumbles]
Of course, just be
careful out there!
[TAE grunts]
[YUGIRI] You look after
her for me, Romero.
[barks]
[TAE grunts]
I act like I'm
a big shot writer,
yet I can't land a good story.
Not like I'm in
Tokyo anymore, but...
It's Zero.
[OKOBA]
Franchouchou's Number Zero.
With all the girls
in that group,
she still manages to stand out.
For one thing, she doesn't sing.
And when she dances,
it's to the beat of
her own drummer.
She sometimes has
these weird outbursts
and acts a little nutty.
But the other members
act like that's totally normal,
and rather than get angry,
they seem to find it endearing.
Even weirder,
her mysterious behavior
has earned her a lot of
love amongst their fans.
They think she's adorable.
There's something
peculiar about Zero
that sets her apart from
the rest of those idols.
[ROMERO barks]
Hello, Zero! Are you
out shopping today?
[TAE grunts]
I saw that Number Six
on television recently!
She's so talented. I swear!
Ah! You're smelling
my fish croquettes.
Do you want one?
Remember not to
eat the plastic bag
like you did last time.
[ROMERO barks]
[GRANDMA 6A] I know.
I didn't forget about you.
Hey Number Zero,
whatcha doin' out here?
[TAE grunts]
Oh, you're doing some
grocery shopping today?
Then here. These cookies'll
keep you going.
[TAE grunts]
[KIDS laugh]
Not even the kids
are fazed by her.
Taking a shortcut?
[ROMERO barks]
[gasps]
[OKOBA]
She ate it!
Crap, hide!
I haven't done this
in quite some time.
[TAE grunts]
[MARIA]
Thank you for shopping!
Oh, I didn't see
it was you, Zero!
I saved up enough to get
Mommy a new scooter!
No, not Mommy. My mom.
I needed to get her
a replacement,
'cause, her old bike
kinda exploded.
Since then, we've been trying
to think up new ways
to rebrand our team.
What do you think of this?
Our name is Dance Team Dorami!
Could ya throw me a bone here?
If you're wondering why
we went with a dance team,
watching Number Two
perform with Franchouchou
inspired us to try something
different to shake things up.
All the members got together
to talk through our ideas,
and decided dancing
was our best bet.
Plus. Mommy won't...
I mean Mom will have less
to worry about this way.
Sorry I always start rambling
when you come around.
[MARIA] Did you hear
anything I've said?
[MARIA] Anyway. Our team
has some big plans.
One day we're gonna
get crazy famous
and perform on the
same stage as you!
I can't wait!
[OKOBA] How sweet.
I hope they make it some--
[OKOBA]
She bit the girl's head!
Gah, it hurts when
you do that! Ow! Stop!
[UKAWA]
Whoa, Maria!
I see she's chompin'
your buns again.
Are you ready to go yet?
Is it that time already?
Ow! C'mon, stop, Zero!
We have to make it to 656 Plaza
for the Hisanaka Pharmaceuticals
Dance Battle 2019. Ow!
We're contestants.
You wanna come with us?
[MC 5A]
Introducing our next judge.
She's one of the people who
made this tournament possible.
You know her from Saganship Z.
The PR manager from
Hisanaka Pharmaceuticals!
I hope you enjoy the show
and try one of our products!
We can do this, girls!
That's right!
Let's rock this joint!
[AUDIENCE cheers]
[gasps]
Entering the stage,
our five-time grand champion.
Representing Saga.
Put your hands
together for Cocco!
[AUDIENCE screams]
[COCCO gasps]
[MC 5A]
Who is that? What a surprise!
Number Zero from Franchouchou!
[TAE coos]
What the--?
Get it, Zero!
I'm sorry, but the sign-ups
for the competition
are already closed.
[MC 5A] Cocco wants
to take her on anyway!
Our grand champion's
always up for a challenge!
Oh my goodness!
So fast. Must be causing
some kinda optical illusion.
[OKOBA gasps]
[MC 5A] Aw. Cocco is
down for the count!
[AUDIENCE cheers]
[TAE coos]
[MARIA]
Number Zero!
I can't believe
you won the contest!
And that breakdance
number looked like
your head wasn't even spinning!
You looked like The Exorcist
but like in reverse!
You've got skills!
And you won the
grand prize money!
I bet the girls in your
group are gonna be stoked
to hear about this!
[MARIA] Whoa, don't
throw it in the trash!
It's yours!
You earned this cash!
Don't give it to me!
Give me that bag
of onions instead!
Why not?
Whoa, what's the
commotion, kiddoes?
You've got five seconds
to tell me what
this is all about.
Ha? I'm just
trying to get her to
take her own
money back, officer.
But she's just acting
like she couldn't
care less even
though she won it.
You're tellin' me you don't know
what to do with
some cash winnings?
I guess?
Well, well, well,
it's your lucky day, ladies,
'cause I know exactly
what you should do with it.
So. Is gambling with minors
a normal part of your job?
This policeman's duty is to
assist all citizens of Saga!
Seems a little sketchy.
[UKAWA]
Maria, look, it's Korosuke!
Crap, they saw us!
Keep it civil, girls,
or I'll cart your butts
back to the station!
[KOROSUKE 9A]
Don't worry, officer.
We're not gonna start
a fight or anything.
What's the matter,
are you afraid?
[KOROSUKE 9C] Zip it, idiot!
We're here for Misa, not you!
Misa.
[KOROSUKE 9A] Oh yeah,
you might not have heard
since you stopped racing bikes.
After that game of chicken
with Number Two,
Misa realized she
loved the adrenaline.
Since then, she's been
thirsty to catch
that ultimate rush again
and she finally found it
in boat racing.
I see. So, she's
rebranding, like us.
[KOROSUKE 9C] The sad thing is,
she hasn't won a single race!
Misa keeps screwing it up!
It's always the same:
she accelerates at
the wrong time and wipes out.
When she first started,
people called her
the runaway princess.
Then they changed their tune
and started cracking jokes,
saying she was a total loser!
Now everyone calls her
Misa the Warthog!
Try not to crash
and burn out there.
That's pathetic.
[KOROSUKE 9A]
What'd you say?
[KOROSUKE 9C]
You wanna eat those words?
If Misa makes some dumb mistake
in this race while I'm watching,
I'll kill her myself.
[KOROSUKES gasp]
Let's head to the bookie.
We've got a round
that we can bet on.
[DIRTY HARRY]
All right.
If you win something big,
cut me in!
[phone rings]
Ugh.
Sir! Hello sir, over!
[POLICE CHIEF 6A]
Where have you been?
Well. I've been, uh,
doing real police stuff.
Just like I'm supposed to be?
[AUDIENCE whines]
[POLICE CHIEF 6A]
Are you at the horse track?
No, it's definitely not
that track... exactly.
[OKOBA]
She eats everything!
Maybe I'm just tired.
Franchouchou!
I'm not lying to you, sir.
No, I'm not at the horse track.
[grunts]
Sure, horses are
magical beasts!
But I'm not anywhere
near one now! I swear!
[UKAWA]
Zero, there you are!
Hey, we've got seats down here!
[TAE grunts]
[MARIA gasps]
All right. It's starting up.
[VETERAN 6A] I wonder how Misa
the Warthog is gonna do today.
[VETERAN 6B]
She's got a lot of guts,
but whoo those turns of hers.
[MISA gasps]
[MISA]
Maria?
[AUDIENCE cheers]
[KOROSUKES]
You can do it, Misa!
[VETERANS cheering]
[MISA]
I hope you're watching, Maria.
Eat your heart out!
[MARIA gasps]
[MISA]
Number Two.
[MISA yells]
Comin' through!
[KOROSUKES]
She did it!
[SAYAMA, UKAWA]
That was amazing!
Holy crap! She did it! Wow!
She pulled off the
legendary eel goby turn!
I can't believe it.
It's been forever
since I've seen one.
The eel goby has
returned to Karatsu!
[AUDIENCE cheers]
[TAE grunts]
That was a damn fine race.
I couldn't take
my eyes off of it.
It might not've been
the horse track,
but that was still
an awesome throw down!
Why didn't I bet on it?
Which racer did you
bet on, Number Zero?
[SAYAMA, UKAWA]
Holy.
[UKAWA gasping]
She won so much money.
[ALL screaming]
I followed that girl
around all damned day.
But instead of
getting any answers,
I have even more questions
and nothing to show for it.
I give up.
[SAKURA]
There you are--
Whoa, it's Maria!
We were worried you
got lost or something!
What happened?
[TAE grunts]
Thank you, dear.
You did a great job.
Hey, Number Two,
it's nice to see you!
Hi! Good to see you, too.
What're you doing here?
[MARIA]
Uh, Number Zero came into
the supermarket and then, man,
a whole boat load
of stuff happened.
Here, check this out!
[ALL]
Huh?
Zero won 20 million at
the boat races. One bet!
[ALL gasp]
[LILY] Are you serious?
She won this money?
Whoa, 20 million yen.
That's some serious
bankroll, right?
What does this mean
for us, you guys?
So if she actually won
that money and it's ours...
Then we can pay off our debt.
Tae--I mean, Number Zero,
let's go tell Kotaro, okay? Now!
[SAKURA gasps]
[ALL gasp]
[MARIA]
Hm?
Number Two?
[ALL sigh]
That'll do, girls, that'll do.
[ALL cheer]
Damn, Tae. Way to stick it to
Mr. Sunglasses like a champ!
You've saved us!
Thank you, Tae!
I give up.
[SAKURA] We were worried
you got lost or something!
What happened?
Tae--I mean, Number Zero,
let's go tell Kotaro, okay? Now!
[OKOBA gasps]
[INUBASHIRI] Hey, maybe he
raised them from the dead
like a bunch of zombies!
[SAKURA]
It's me, Sakura!
You never can tell which way
things will turn out, huh?
Just like I never thought
I'd be a zombie!
Next time on Zombie Land
Saga Revenge Episode 7:
"Mai Mai Revolution SAGA."
Oh, my, what's gonna
happen this time?